# Agenda #

  * RSNA meeting
  * MINT 2.0 implementation
  * DICOM meeting, WG27 meeting recap

# RSNA meeting recap #

  * three options:
    * working group meeting (notice via mint-user group)
    * Q&A for prospective implementers (targeted invitations)
    * broader social community gathering (booth flyer)

  * what would a community gathering do?  what did last year's meeting accomplish?
    * visibility
    * show that we're still around
    * could have a meeting at a bar - prospective implementers, etc.
    * decisions needed:
      * venue
      * funding
      * communication

  * lowest overhead:
    * 1 room, start with Q&A session; move into working group meeting
    * prospective implementers are encouraged to stay through WG meeting
      * client outlook, phillips, etc.
    * TimD to check with Vital marketing re: room availability

# MINT 2.0 reference implementation #
  * core group needs to assess internal resource availability
    * coding
    * documentation
    * governance
  * ideal timeframe - first candidate in January

# Upcoming Topics #
  * Meeting next Thursday the 13th 10am Central/11am Eastern, agenda:
    * final review of REST 2.0 api
    * RSNA meeting venue, funding
  * MINT 2.0 ref impl resourcing
  * SIIM papers, etc.