# Attendees #
  * Tim Dawson
  * Uli Bubenheimer
  * Cyrus Trainor
  * Anna
  * Rafael
  * Sam
  * Josh Coleman

# Agenda #
  * Review agenda
  * Status updates
  * Continue discussion of changes needed for MINT 2.0

# Status Updates #
  * Uli
    * has been working on recommendation for REST interface changes
    * worked with Sam to get some RI changes implemented
    * would like to discuss Series changelog in addition to Study changelog
    * need use cases for binary items upload / naming of parts
  * Cyrus
    * doing his CompSci thesis at FAU, discovered us through the google site, interested in learning more
    * has read David Clunie's blog
  * Sam
    * working with Uli on RI changes, optional metadata tags, changelog changes

# remaining items to discuss for MINT 2.0 #
  * Binary data upload part naming
    * defer to next meeting
  * Client SDK
    * H2MI has implemented something, needs permission to release (Gorkem)
  * Permanent vs. Temporary Updates & Types
    * defer to next meeting
  * Error Handling (and inclusion within metadata)
    * introduced the topic (issues when converting from DICOM)
    * defer to next meeting
  * Ability to make single-call pull of metadata + binary
    * defer to next meeting
  * Ability to request binary response with offsets instead of multipart-mime
    * Performance test to compare and validate before finalizing change
    * defer to next meeting
  * Reference Impl changes (Storage API)
    * defer to next meeting