# Attendees #
  * Tim Culp
  * Dan Chaffee
  * Gorkem Sevinc
  * Chris Hafey
  * Jim Philbin
  * Anasuya Basu
  * Lauren Burrell


# Progress Since Last Meeting #
  * Chris Hafey
    * Making progress on the MINT page.  Vital Images graphic design has a first draft
    * Working on how to approach WG27 with MINT changes.
    * WG27 meeting on Monday Jan 31
    * Did see a demo of non DICOM type support in MINT.
  * Jim Philbin
    * WG6 discussed the WG27 proposal and modified it, feedback will be reviewed on Monday Jan 31 meeting
  * Gorkem Sevinc
    * No updates
  * Tim Culp
    * Posted script for doing integration testing at Harris
    * Pushing a large variety of data sets through the integration test and getting consistent results, will report more next week
    * Will have booth at HIMSS and will have a MINT demo that features image processing
  * Dan Chaffee
    * No Update



# Notes #
  * Dan pointed out that the list of MINT types is returned as HTML and was wondering if it should be XML


# Decisions #

# New Actions #
  * 

# Old Actions #
  * Send out email to list to propose meeting to brainstorm MINT 2011 roadmap (Chris)
  * Modify metadata version number as decided above (Dan Chaffee)
  * Review Gorkem's setup document and provide feedback about what needs to be done for version 1.0 "get started" doc (all)
  * Design "First Experience" and send to mail list (Gorkem)
  * Use cases for proprietary data (Jim)
  * Use cases for de-id (Jim)
  * Update clear canvas to support Multi-frame MINT (Tim Culp)
  * Update conformance test to support Multi-frame (Tim Culp)
  * Recipe/cookbook for deploying MINT securely (Chris Hafey + Tim Culp)
  * Specify MINT standard on Wiki (Chris Hafey + All)
    * Error codes
    * URL
    * XSD
    * Validation rules
    * Update the MINT metadata document with which VRs are candidates for binary items and the option to encode in base 64 and version number and type for study meta (Chris Hafey)
  * Add unit tests for key classes and add junit to ant to produce code coverage (Jeremy)
  * Performance cookbook (Gorkem + Chris + All)
  * Develop integration tests (Jim + Tim Culp)
  * Add support for non DICOM types (Chris)
    * Data dictionaries for Vital Volumes
    * Data dictionary for generic mime type attachments
    * Root study URL to list all types in study
  * Measure performance of MINT vs DICOM as per PPT (Gorkem)
  * Post to ClearCanvas forums, get help with packaging (Gorkem)


# Completed Actions #

# Backlog Items #
  * Look at QC workflow in more detail - specifically about metadata validation errors (does not conform to data dictionary)
  * Add mint server validation



# Issues #

# Future #