#summary Meeting notes for MINT conference call December 8, 2011.

= Agenda =
  * Any open issues from RSNA meeting?
  * Discuss Sup 148 meeting
  * Discuss any existing items from the 2.0 API we can document as final draft. (finalize requires implementation!)
  * Discuss setting up a face2face meeting

= Sup 148 meeting =
  * The meeting went very well.
  * Emanuel talked with Tim C & Dan after the meeting, thinks the old URI API is due for a refresh.  Need to explore... can we merge with WADO-RS and deprecate existing URI implementation? (what does this mean? is there a time limit?)
  * This would mean adding rendering to MINT; may be possible but we shoudl identify different 'profiles' that can be implemented; if not implemented must return "501 Not Implemented".
  * Suggestion by DClunie to add a "/pixeldata" URI path in addition to or separate from "/bulkdata" (private tags, overlays, SR payload, Unlimited Text, etc.).

= MINT 2.0 API =
  * first priority; ratify new URIs for old APIs + data attachments
  * publish (after adding spaces)
  * Jim proposed weekly meetings until we get the interface nailed down.
  * need to be creating the documentation during the meetings or in separate meetings.
  * change next week's meeting to Tuesday 13th & 20th due to schedule conflicts

= Next MINT offsite meeting - face to face =
  * 2nd week of January - either Jan 9/10 or 10/11 

= Next Agenda =
  * Read/discuss IHE study update paper. (Jim will send link)